# Visual utils readme:

###process_histogram(flag, array): 
	there are 2 different kinds of histograms and they need to be processed differently. there is the access frequency plot and the reuse distance histogram. 
	output: 
		if it is the access frequency histogram 
		- a list of x values, corresponds to the number of times an LBA was accessed. 
		- a list of y values to plot, number of times an LBA was accessed N times
		for example: X value 2 means LBAs accessed twice, and Y value 10 means there were 10 LBAs accessed twice.
		- number of unique requests in the trace
		if it is reuse distribution:
		- list of x values
		- list of y values 



### reuse_distrib(reuse_array): 
	the helper method to actually process the list of reuses that is generated by the
	stat generator.

### visualize_data(flag, config, y_scale=None): 
	this is one of the major functions, this calls many other functions
	in the folders, checks if things exists, gets pertinent data, processes it if necessary and then plots it.
	y_scale is an optional argument that sets y axis scale range on the graph from 0 to whatever value is input

### config_permutation_gen(config, flags): 
	this method goes through the config and generates all combinations of algorithms and cache sizes parameters for each trace
	in the config. this is necessary to make the fill comparison graphs.

### s_generate_graph_data(config, params): 
	downloads data if it exists in the database, generates it if not.

### visualize_head_to_head(config, flag, y_scale = None): 
	this method is used in visualapiEX to plot the fill comparison graph for hit rate. For the webapp however, this is not called.
### gen_all_pairs(array): 
	this is a helper function for visualize head to head. it does something similar to config
	permutation gen. the difference is the formatting. config permutation gen is for the webapp
